Create issue templates (#1008)
solid/community-server: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/---bug-report.md

---
name: "\U0001F41B Bug report"
about: If something is not working as expected or crashes
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

#### Environment

> - Server version: *Output of `community-solid-server --version` for a global or `npm start -- --version` for a local installation*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Server version: *Output of `community-solid-server --version` for a global or `npx community-solid-server --version` for a local installation*
```
